Hello friends, ICICI LBRD company has announced
dividend for its shareholders today.  The
company has also given the official letter of dividend to both NSC and BS
exchanges and the company has
confirmed here that the company is
going to give
dividend of ₹6.50 per equity share to its shareholders and the
record date kept by the company for this dividend is
23 October 2025.
Those who have this share of ICICI LBAD company in their demat account on 23rd October will become
eligible
for this dividend amount.  If you
are a shareholder of this company, then
you will have to hold this share at least till 23 October.  Only then will
you be
able to qualify for this dividend amount.  And those who do
not have this stock in their demat account
and want to receive this dividend amount,
they will have to buy
these shares at least before 22nd October.
Only then, on the record date, this
share will come into the demat account of those people
and they will also be able to qualify
for this dividend amount.  Along with this,
friends, let us tell you that the
payment date which the company has kept here for this dividend amount is
12 November 2025.  The
company will also credit the payment
of this dividend amount to the bank accounts of eligible shareholders before November 12, 2025.
So friends, a
big update is coming out here for the shareholders of ICICI Lar company.   If you are
new to my channel then please subscribe to the channel.
Dividend related updates will continue to come here in future also.
Thanks friends.